Prepare to publish to crates.io (#2)
deepgram-devs/deepgram-rust-sdk: README.md

If you would like a stable way to access all that Deepgram has to offer, please use the
[Deepgram API](https://developers.deepgram.com/api-reference/) directly until this SDK has been stabilized.*

Official Rust SDK for Deepgram's automated speech recognition APIs.

To access the API you will need a Deepgram account. Sign up for free at [console.deepgram.com](https://console.deepgram.com/signup?utm_medium=github&utm_source=DEVREL&utm_content=deepgram-rust-sdk).

You can learn more about the full Deepgram API at [developers.deepgram.com](https://developers.deepgram.com).

## Install

Add the following line to the `dependencies` table in your `Cargo.toml` file:

```
deepgram = "0.1.0"
```

## Development and Contributing

Interested in contributing? We ❤️ pull requests!

To make sure our community is safe for all, be sure to review and agree to our
[Code of Conduct](./CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). Then see the
[Contribution](./CONTRIBUTING.md) guidelines for more information.

## Getting Help

We love to hear from you so if you have questions, comments or find a bug in the
project, let us know! You can either:

> - [Open an issue](https://github.com/deepgram/[reponame]/issues/new) on this repository

Reviewer: Was this copy-pasted from somewhere? I don't think we want `[reponame]` in there. [The link](https://github.com/deepgram/%5Breponame%5D/issues/new) doesn't seem to work through any GitHub magic.
```suggestion
- [Open an issue](https://github.com/deepgram-devs/deepgram-rust-sdk/issues/new) on this repository
```
